[Music]
[Music] Sam for to the chief
Sam for to the chief
Sam for to the chief musician with strained instruments a
musician with strained instruments a
musician with strained instruments a psalm of David hear me when I call God
psalm of David hear me when I call God
psalm of David hear me when I call God of my righteousness you have relieved me
of my righteousness you have relieved me
of my righteousness you have relieved me in my distress have mercy on me and hear
in my distress have mercy on me and hear
in my distress have mercy on me and hear my prayer how long oh you sons of men
my prayer how long oh you sons of men
my prayer how long oh you sons of men will you turn my glory to shame how long
will you turn my glory to shame how long
will you turn my glory to shame how long will you love worthlessness and seek
will you love worthlessness and seek
will you love worthlessness and seek falsehood but know that the Lord has set
falsehood but know that the Lord has set
falsehood but know that the Lord has set apart for himself him who is godly the
apart for himself him who is godly the
apart for himself him who is godly the Lord will hear when I call to him be
Lord will hear when I call to him be
Lord will hear when I call to him be angry and do not sin meditate within
angry and do not sin meditate within
angry and do not sin meditate within your heart on your bed and be still
your heart on your bed and be still
your heart on your bed and be still offer the sacrifices of righteousness
offer the sacrifices of righteousness
offer the sacrifices of righteousness and put your trust in the Lord there are
and put your trust in the Lord there are
and put your trust in the Lord there are many who say who will show us any good
many who say who will show us any good
many who say who will show us any good Lord lift up the light of your
Lord lift up the light of your
Lord lift up the light of your countenance upon us you have put
countenance upon us you have put
countenance upon us you have put gladness in my heart more than in the
gladness in my heart more than in the
gladness in my heart more than in the season that their grain and wine
season that their grain and wine
season that their grain and wine increased I will both lie down in peace
increased I will both lie down in peace
increased I will both lie down in peace and sleep for you alone Lord make me
and sleep for you alone Lord make me
and sleep for you alone Lord make me dwell in safety